Meeting minute 2	24/10/2023  6:15pm
Attendees: Assane, Alimurat, Alex, ZhuoHong

-meeting to assess the learning progression of each member concerning the different packages that are going to be used in the project
-Recap of what Jason was supposed to do (connecting the backend and the frontend), and demonstration of what was done for now
-Distribution of the different tasks left to do in the project. The tasks were divided as such:
Alex -> front end
Ali -> Search Properties
Assane -> Read properties
-assessment of future deadline for the project, we have to finish the project before Friday so the code needs to be pushed before Wednesday.
