Meeting minute 4	26/10/2023  4:15pm
Attendees: Assane, Alimurat, Mann, ZhuoHong

-Discussion with TA about the failure of the github push, TA suggested some possible solutions
-Redistribution of a few tasks due to the leave of Alex Tong due to private reasons
-Ali -> search property and front end modification
-Assane -> Read property
-Mann -> Update and delete properties
-update of the github repository because some parts weren't organized enough( the issues mostly)
